Add help for new paths (#652)
civicrm/civicrm-dev-docs: docs/framework/filesystem.md

## Local data files

CiviCRM also needs directories for storing volatile data files, such as 
logs, caches, and uploads. These directories are located outside
the main codebase -- in a location that can be safely preserved during
upgrades.

Public data folders use `[civicrm.files]` and public data folders use 
`[civicrm.private]` are for private data folders. The actual path is chosen
to align with each CMS's conventions and typically `[civicrm.private]` would
be the same as `[civicrm.files]` while still allowing sysadmins to have the
ability to manage paths precisely.

> 

Reviewer: This section needs rewording - I can't suggest changes here because it's on separate lines.

Something like:

> CiviCRM provides two main file storage helpers:
>
> * `[civicrm.files]` - Intended to store files which can safely live within the files directory of your CMS, within your webroot.
> * `[civicrm.private]` - Intended to store files which could be stored outside of your webroot for enhanced security.
>
> The actual path is chosen to align with the conventions of each CMS and typically `[civicrm.private]` will refer to the same directory as `[civicrm.files]` whilst providing the ability to manage paths in a more granular fashion should the need arise.

### Tip: Sub-directories

> The `[civicrm.files]` and `[civicrm.private]` are file bases which contains several sub-directories. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `[civicrm.files]` and `[civicrm.private]` are CiviCRM's base directories for files storage, each will contain several sub-directories. 
```

> These folders include:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These sub-directories will include:
```

    However, some web-servers don't support these, so CiviCRM's
    status-check shows warnings if it detects unexpected configuration.

### Configuration options for paths

For the time being,`CIVICRM_TEMPLATE_COMPILEDIR` can be set in `civicrm.settings.php` and file paths will work as before. Alternatively, one may remove `CIVICRM_TEMPLATE_COMPILEDIR` and instead, set all paths using `$civicrm_paths`. With the following examples, the reasons for this setup should be more intuitive.

#### Example 1: Minimalist: all public and private data go to the same folder, sites/default/files/civicrm.

```
$civicrm_paths['civicrm.files']['path'] = '/srv/example.com/htdocs/sites/default/files/civicrm';
$civicrm_paths['civicrm.private']['path'] = '/srv/example.com/htdocs/sites/default/files/civicrm';
```

> The constant `CIVICRM_TEMPLATE_COMPILEDIR` is never consulted. Updating `civicrm.files` changes only public data folders. Updating `civicrm.private` changes only private data folders (e.g. `templates_c` and `ConfigAndLogDir`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The constant `CIVICRM_TEMPLATE_COMPILEDIR` is never consulted. Updating `civicrm.files` changes only public data folders. Updating `civicrm.private` changes only private data folders (e.g. `templateCompileDir` and `ConfigAndLogDir`).
```
